hi I'm Jeff van West for aviation
consumer and Abbe Webb and this is a
bike Friday ticket the bike Friday
ticket is also a top choice and it's the
only one we tested that comes with its
own trailer yes that is a repurposed
suitcase the ticket is a terrific rider
despite the small 16 inch wheels it has
a nice long wheelbase and lots of
adjustments for personal ride or height
the ticket comes with all kinds of
drivetrains the one we tested is the
carbon ticket which has the gates carbon
belt drive which means you won't get any
grease on your hands or your interior if
it brushes up against something and a
Shimano 11 speed rear hub this gives you
as much range as a full set of derailers
and rear gears but packs it all into one
small container out of the way and
basically maintenance-free the ticket of
course works without the trailer which
is connected with a rather innovative if
repurposed pneumatic fitting one thing
we didn't like about the ticket were the
pedals they fold up just fine but unlike
some of the other pedals we tried they
found them to be fairly slippery in some
Street shoes the ticket has the fastest
and cleverest fold of all the bikes we
tested first undo the handlebars and
tuck them into a hook on the frame the
next step is to release the seat by
simply pulling upwards now don't blink
because as the seat comes forward it
releases the frame and the whole bike
folds there's a strap on the frame to
carry it and the drivetrain folds down
inside the machine it doesn't matter
with this carbon belt drive but if you
got conventional gears which are
available on the ticket they keep the
chain out of the way so you won't get
grease on yourself or your interior the
unique fold of the ticket means it's a
little longer than some of the other
bicycles we tested when folded but if
you want to disassemble it a bit further
it does all fit inside that suitcase
although it may take a little practice
to get all the parts in just the right
places bike friday custom builds each
ticket for each customer as well as all
their other bikes they
have some available with larger wheels
that also fold if you're interested they
even have folding tandems a ticket will
start at about 1,200 to 1,300 dollars
complete with a carbon belt drive and an
11 speed rear hub like we have here or
running about 3500 dollars they put the
suitcase in for free though to find out
more about the bike Friday ticket you
can check out their website or to find
out more about all the folding bikes we
tested you can check out the July issue
of aviation consumer magazine I'm Jeff
van West for aviation consumer and add
web thanks for watching